accounting>administrative_services>Contabilidade
airport>public_transport>Aeroporto
amusement_park>recreation>Parque de Diversao
aquarium>culture_entertainment>Aquario
art_gallery>culture_entertainment>Galeria de Arte
atm>bank>Caixa Automatico
bakery>food_drink>Padaria
bank>bank>Banco
bar>food_drink>Bar
beauty_salon>beauty_care>Salao de Beleza
bicycle_store>service_shops_stores>Loja de Biciletas
book_store>service_shops_stores>Loja de Livros
bowling_alley>recreation>Boliche
bus_station>public_transport>Estacao de Onibus
cafe>food_drink>Cafe
campground>lodging>Area de Camping
car_dealer>car_services>Venda de Carros
car_rental>car_services>Aluguel de Carros
car_repair>car_services>Mecanico
car_wash>car_services>Lava Carros
casino>culture_entertainment>Cassino
cemetery>places_worship>Cemiterio
church>places_worship>Igreja
city_hall>government>Prefeiruta
clothing_store>service_shops_stores>Loja de Roupas
convenience_store>food_drink>Conveniencia
courthouse>government>Tribunal
dentist>medical_care>Dentista
department_store>service_shops_stores>Loja de Departamento
doctor>medical_care>Doutor
electrician>basic_home_services>Eletrecista
electronics_store>service_shops_stores>Loja de Eletronicos
embassy>government>Embaixada
fire_station>emergency_services>Corpo de Bombeiros
florist>service_shops_stores>Florista
funeral_home>service_shops_stores>Funeraria
furniture_store>service_shops_stores>Loja de Moveis
gas_station>car_services>Posto de Gasolina
gym>recreation>Academia
hair_care>beauty_care>Cabeleireiro
hardware_store>service_shops_stores>Loja de Hardware
hindu_temple>places_worship>Templo Hindu
home_goods_store>service_shops_stores>Loja de Artigos para Casa
hospital>emergency_services>Hospital
insurance_agency>administrative_services>Agencia de Seguros
jewelry_store>service_shops_stores>Joalheria
laundry>basic_home_services>Lavanderia
lawyer>administrative_services>Advogado
library>public_services>Biblioteca
liquor_store>food_drink>Loja de Bebidas
local_government_office>government>Governo
locksmith>basic_home_services>Chaveiro
lodging>lodging>Alojamento
meal_delivery>food_drink>Entrega de Refeicoes
meal_takeaway>food_drink>Refeicao
mosque>places_worship>Mesquita
movie_rental>service_shops_stores>Locadora
movie_theater>culture_entertainment>Cinema
moving_company>basic_home_services>Companhia Movente
museum>culture_entertainment>Museu
night_club>culture_entertainment>Boate
painter>basic_home_services>Pintor
park>recreation>Parque
parking>car_services>Estacionamento
pet_store>animal_care>Petshop
pharmacy>medical_care>Farmacia
physiotherapist>medical_care>Fisioterapeuta
plumber>basic_home_services>Encanador
point_of_interest>suprise_me>Ponto de Interesse
police>emergency_services>Policia
post_office>public_services>Correios
real_estate_agency>lodging>Agencia Imobiliaria
restaurant>food_drink>Restaurante
roofing_contractor>basic_home_services>Empreiteiro de Coberturas
rv_park>lodging>Parque RV
school>education>Escola
shoe_store>service_shops_stores>Loja de Sapatos
shopping_mall>service_shops_stores>Sentro de Compras
spa>recreation>Spa
stadium>recreation>Estadio
storage>storage>Armazenamento
store>service_shops_stores>Loja
subway_station>public_transport>Estacao de Metro
supermarket>food_drink>Supermercado
synagogue>places_worship>Sinagoga
taxi_stand>public_transport>Ponto de Taxi
train_station>public_transport>Estacao de Trem
transit_station>public_transport>Estacao de Transito
travel_agency>service_shops_stores>Agencia de Viagens
university>education>Universidade
veterinary_care>animal_care>Veterinario
zoo>recreation>Zoologico